we pulled a group of confused but
willing pedestrians off the street we
March them out back and we've changed
them into bathing suits and now they are
ready to belly-flop so let's get this
thing going it's time for our seventh
annual pedestrian go to our belly
puffball and our belly flop security
guard Guillermo Guillermo how's the
water have you tested it yes he's nice
and warm gimme why are you not in a
bathing suit by the way oh no I'm musta
cuter guard oh okay yeah forgot he'd
have a job to do yeah alright let's meet
our esteemed panel of judges first maybe
the only superhero who could talk to
fish and expert in the field if ever
there was one please welcome Aquaman
okay never that excited about being a
part of this next up a Sports
Illustrated swimsuit model probably the
best-looking of all our judges tonight
please welcome chrissy teigen elevation
have you ever belly flop through you
need to have a belly can't even swim
Jimmy you can't swing a cat off could
have a drowning here to me drowning
competition the anchor spot he lives in
a pineapple under the sea but works here
on Hana Boulevard taking pictures for
tips please welcome SpongeBob
SquarePants
spongebob what do you think or Chrissy
Oh as I see the hottie hahaha taking a
swim that's what sure alright well looks
it's got some chemistry between the
judges here what are you looking forward
two nights competitors spongebob oh I'm
looking for a great competitor but
someone's gonna wriggle splash real good
and then we can have some Krabby Patties
together let me go to the bottom of the
PT bottoms and we can have a great time
you know sticking to the SpongeBob's
kryptonite is well alright Guillermo
please bring out our first flopper and
our first flopper is Jim Jim is a high
school student Jim I think you could
potentially win this thing right off the
bat in fact you could empty this pool if
you do it right are you ready to flop
yes I am all right now again we're going
you know what you may have a little bit
of a disadvantage because people see a
big guy and they're expecting a big big
splash oh you like that don't you gear
mo the tables have turned yeah I'll
strip you out of those clothes in a
minute if you keep that up all right
Guillermo count it down please three two
one here we go Jim
that is a very strong start let's look
at the instant replay now there goes Jim
he hits the water heart unfortunately he
leads with his knees which is a problem
but let's go to our judges now for their
scores Aquaman gives him a three Chrissy
is with a seven and finally spongebob
also with the seven that's 23 points
let's speak to our competitor Jim let me
he'll be out of here in 20 minutes
Jim how do you feel about your your dive
ones are good it was what wasn't so good
oh it wasn't so good all I added it up
wrong to its only 17 I thought it was
pretty good Jim I think you did a decent
job all right but we're gonna stand by
we'll see how the rest of these guys can
do Superman and all right you're being
toweled off all right take it easy guys
all right let's go back up to the board
Guillermo oh this is frenchy are Italian
import Frenchy is here on vacation yeah
yes yes how long have you been here in
the United States um three days now and
have you participated in any belly flop
competitions before tonight well I don't
know you don't know do you know what you
need to do here uh yes as big as
splashes you can possibly make all right
yeah and if your bellies red when you
come out that's extra points okay okay
all right very good Guillermo count it
down three two one ear go
fresh
I've seen out in slow motion I'll cut 10
a pretty pretty good splash I mean let's
see what Aquaman thought Aquaman ginger
of five Chrissy gives her an 8 Chrissy
very generous
no by the way as you want to point out
that is his nose all right let's say
thank you prissy appreciate that listen
all right how do you feel about that
dive ranchi well uh what you feel wet
alright very good all right well um it
will enjoy your hot dog and we're gonna
go ahead and keep going and we'll see
how you did all right